Define segmentation when it is first mentioned (#364)
datacarpentry/image-processing: episodes/07-thresholding.md

In this episode, we will learn how to use scikit-image functions to apply
thresholding to an image.
Thresholding is a type of *image segmentation*,
which is the partitioning of an image into disjoint regions, or *segments*.

> The different segments can then be analyzed separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where an image is split into different regions, or *segments*.
These segments can then be analyzed separately.
```
I feel like the words 'partitioning' and 'disjoint' may not be familiar to all learners? How about using 'split' / 'different' as simpler terms?

> In thresholding, we convert an image from colour or grayscale into

Reviewer: Probably good to add a blank line above 'In thresholding...' to start a new paragraph. Makes this section easier to read in the rendered docs.

> In thresholding, we convert an image from colour or grayscale into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

In thresholding, we convert an image from colour or grayscale into
```
